# Al-Castle-CS-250-Portfolio-

1- As we learned in this course User Stories are en efficiant way of defining the requirements in agile. User Stories are a way of simplifying the definitioin of the requirements in a language that can be understood by both developers and users. Getting information from the user such as how they want a particular page to function and how they want certain fuctions to be so it can be easier for them to use, thid is a crucial part in planning for the project becuase easy to use pages and feature will keep the users comming back. The stories should be clearley defined so that the product owner can make a good evaluation of the level of effort that is required. All of these stories should be tesable to make sure that they will actually work when production is ready. The test criteria takes place of more detailed specs for what the story must do. 

2- When starting to develop a program it can be hard to find a method that is efficiant to create and refine a project, the walterfall methodology is one method that can help with this. This is a popular version of the systems development life cycle model for software development. The waterfall model is very plan driven, it attempts to define and document requirments and a plan for the entire project prior to actually starting the project. This method and the SCRUM- agile method get confused a lot with each other. The Scrum- agile method is a model based on multiple small teams working in sprint to complete a common goal of completing a project. the SCRUM-agile approch would in my opinion, be the best option when trying to develop software. This method gives you the flexibility to go back and refine certain parts of a project. In this ocurse we were met with a task of changing the way the slide show worked for the SNHU tavel site, since we were doing a agile based approach going back was really no problem and didnt interfere with the sprint times.

3- Being a good team member in software development is accountability. Being accountable for your part of a project or a sprint will  help the team in many ways. If you made a mistake on a feature and didnt tell the team about that porblem you will almost wlays cause frustraition within the team. This can cause the team not to meet the sprint goal for that time perioid and also cause the project to fall behined and make everyone look bad. If you make a mistake or dont know how to do something, you should come in contact with your scrum master right away or address a problem in front of the team durinig the daily scrum meeting. You should also be very invovled in the scrum meetings when they are happening, often this is the only time of day where everyone is together and attentative in one place at one time and getting everyones questions and concerns out then will make for a smoother process. 


